Abstract:
When I started this project, I wanted to put together a fun Halloween slot-machine-style. I inspected the code of online games. I did the Fibonacci number picking activity(I did not look that word up.) I recoded my quiz about half a jillion times trying to write functions and variables(which evidently I was good at today). I coded my multiple-choice quiz questions with buttons. I wrote mildly amazing teacher-joke questions. While researching Javascript, I came upon a disturbing reality. In 2019, one percent of female highschool students verbalized that they would be majoring in computer science. Despite the fact that I had my entire site set up(the inimitable Screamin' Jay Hawkins and all), I scrapped the project. Literally, all I had left to do was schlep in the buttons and have them working, in addition to including a timer. I proceeded to work for forty-five hours on a completely new site. A female computer science teacher helped me rock Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing and the such when I had square glasses and a Fantastic Sam's haircut. I researched female students and standardized testing. I took a pedogical standpoint to think of a way that girls could have their affective filter reduced. I figured I would design a cool site for all the ginger girls with giant glasses who are told that they are just not good at math or science. It is important to note that we are told such things. I came from amazing parents, and I have just known since I was a kid that I'm not good at math. Somebody told me this one day. I just kind of accepted it. Incorporating female exploitation from Zach Snyder's missable but addictive film "Sucker Punch", I tried include my own artistic styling. I again put in a counter that didn't work but showed up, and then kind of worked. I had a button that worked. I then proceeded to delete all of that because I would find the bigliest/bestest timer/quiz generator. 
In all seriousness, I worked for forty-five hours straight on this. I'm not sure that Taylor Swift is the epitome of female liberation(perhaps moreso of cultural appropriation), but her opening function call of "baby, let the games begin" got me. I researched fonts, and was able to incorporate Fantasy, and some weird Glow font. The fonts work. The Youtube video works. The Pexels image works. What does not work is that after two days of knowing exactly how to code buttons, I am not entirely too tired to code buttons. I can now code buttons, but I can't get in the hyperlink. My timer was again present but didn't work. My math would probably benefit from another day with Bart the Wise. As of this writing, I have no buttons, nor timer. I do have a multiple-choice quiz on the Wix side included. I also established my own URL at hexidecimal. I have been up for forty-five hours, and I believe I was accused of plagiarism(using a website instead of coding(which is odd, because I'm a professor). After I was told that my assignment was going to fail without a glance, my affective filter went up(that's how that word works). I have no timer or high score.I've been ugly crying for two plus hours. I know how to do a timer, and I know how to do buttons. Being told I'm going to fail before I started was enough. Perhaps, some day, the dean at Harvard will have his wish granted, and there will be no women in science or math. Perhaps, others will cheer. I don't need anyone to tell me that it's not going to get easier, or that I should quit. This miraculous Seargeant Zulu Sally-Jesse-Raphael redemption special is cute, but I do not need redeeming, at least not in this wheelhouse. I'm going to let myself sleep now, so that I have sufficient energy to be bouncy tomorrow.
Programs Used: Wix so that I could connect my buttons(which have now been deleted) to a functioning URL which also houses my quiz, Visual Studio Code, Geeks for Geeks, Taylor Swift's intellectual property for educational purposees, my dignity.
Ackowledgments: Daniel. 
*I've been doing screen shots since I was in front of a computer. I'm not waiting around to be told I'm going to fail at that either. Thank you for being decent, Manuel. 
